src/pykeen/templates/README.md, before:

<p align="center">
  <img src="docs/source/logo.png" height="150">
</p>

<h1 align="center">
  PyKEEN
</h1>

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/pykeen/pykeen/actions">
    <img src="https://github.com/pykeen/pykeen/workflows/Tests%20master/badge.svg"
         alt="GitHub Actions">
  </a>

  <a href='https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT'>
    <img src='https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-blue.svg' alt='License'/>
  </a>

  <a href="https://zenodo.org/badge/latestdoi/242672435">
    <img src="https://zenodo.org/badge/242672435.svg" alt="DOI">
  </a>

  <a href="https://optuna.org">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Optuna-integrated-blue" alt="Optuna integrated" height="20">
  </a>
</p>

<p align="center">
    <b>PyKEEN</b> (<b>P</b>ython <b>K</b>nowl<b>E</b>dge <b>E</b>mbeddi<b>N</b>gs) is a Python package designed to
    train and evaluate knowledge graph embedding models (incorporating multi-modal information).
</p>

<p align="center">
  <a href="#installation">Installation</a> •
  <a href="#quickstart">Quickstart</a> •
  <a href="#datasets-{{ n_datasets }}">Datasets</a> •
  <a href="#models-{{ n_models }}">Models</a> •
  <a href="#supporters">Support</a> •
  <a href="#citation">Citation</a>
</p>

## Installation ![PyPI - Python Version](https://img.shields.io/pypi/pyversions/pykeen) ![PyPI](https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/pykeen)

The latest stable version of PyKEEN can be downloaded and installed from
[PyPI](https://pypi.org/project/pykeen) with:

```bash
$ pip install pykeen
```

The latest version of PyKEEN can be installed directly from the
source on [GitHub](https://github.com/pykeen/pykeen) with:

```bash
pip install git+https://github.com/pykeen/pykeen.git
```

More information about installation (e.g., development mode, Windows installation, extras)
can be found in the [installation documentation](https://pykeen.readthedocs.io/en/latest/installation.html).

## Quickstart [![Documentation Status](https://readthedocs.org/projects/pykeen/badge/?version=latest)](https://pykeen.readthedocs.io/en/latest/?badge=latest)

This example shows how to train a model on a dataset and test on another dataset.

The fastest way to get up and running is to use the pipeline function. It
provides a high-level entry into the extensible functionality of this package.
The following example shows how to train and evaluate the [TransE](https://pykeen.readthedocs.io/en/latest/api/pykeen.models.TransE.html#pykeen.models.TransE)
model on the [Nations](https://pykeen.readthedocs.io/en/latest/api/pykeen.datasets.Nations.html#pykeen.datasets.Nations)
dataset. By default, the training loop uses the [stochastic local closed world assumption (sLCWA)](https://pykeen.readthedocs.io/en/latest/reference/training.html#pykeen.training.SLCWATrainingLoop)
training approach and evaluates with [rank-based evaluation](https://pykeen.readthedocs.io/en/latest/reference/evaluation/rank_based.html#pykeen.evaluation.RankBasedEvaluator).

```python
from pykeen.pipeline import pipeline

result = pipeline(
    model='TransE',
    dataset='nations',
)
```

The results are returned in an instance of the [PipelineResult](https://pykeen.readthedocs.io/en/latest/reference/pipeline.html#pykeen.pipeline.PipelineResult)
dataclass that has attributes for the trained model, the training loop, the evaluation, and more. See the tutorials on
[understanding the evaluation](https://pykeen.readthedocs.io/en/latest/tutorial/understanding_evaluation.html)
and [making novel link predictions](https://pykeen.readthedocs.io/en/latest/tutorial/making_predictions.html).

PyKEEN is extensible such that:

- Each model has the same API, so anything from ``pykeen.models`` can be dropped in
- Each training loop has the same API, so ``pykeen.training.LCWATrainingLoop`` can be dropped in
- Triples factories can be generated by the user with ``from pykeen.triples.TriplesFactory``

The full documentation can be found at https://pykeen.readthedocs.io.

## Implementation

Below are the models, datasets, training modes, evaluators, and metrics implemented
in ``pykeen``.

### Datasets ({{ n_datasets }})

{{ datasets }}

### Models ({{ n_models }})

{{ models }}

### Losses ({{ n_losses }})

{{ losses }}

### Regularizers ({{ n_regularizers }})

{{ regularizers }}

### Optimizers ({{ n_optimizers }})

{{ optimizers }}

### Training Loops ({{ n_training_loops }})

{{ training_loops }}

### Negative Samplers ({{ n_negative_samplers }})

{{ negative_samplers }}

### Stoppers ({{ n_stoppers }})

{{ stoppers }}

### Evaluators ({{ n_evaluators }})

{{ evaluators }}

### Metrics ({{ n_metrics }})

{{ metrics }}

### Trackers ({{ n_trackers }})

{{ trackers }}

## Hyper-parameter Optimization

### Samplers ({{ n_hpo_samplers }})

{{ hpo_samplers }}

Any sampler class extending the [optuna.samplers.BaseSampler](https://optuna.readthedocs.io/en/stable/reference/generated/optuna.samplers.BaseSampler.html#optuna.samplers.BaseSampler),
such as their sampler implementing the [CMA-ES](https://optuna.readthedocs.io/en/stable/reference/generated/optuna.samplers.CmaEsSampler.html#optuna.samplers.CmaEsSampler)
algorithm, can also be used.

## Experimentation

### Reproduction

PyKEEN includes a set of curated experimental settings for reproducing past landmark
experiments. They can be accessed and run like:

```bash
pykeen experiments reproduce tucker balazevic2019 fb15k
```

Where the three arguments are the model name, the reference, and the dataset.
The output directory can be optionally set with `-d`.

### Ablation

PyKEEN includes the ability to specify ablation studies using the
hyper-parameter optimization module. They can be run like:

```bash
pykeen experiments ablation ~/path/to/config.json
```

## Contributing

Contributions, whether filing an issue, making a pull request, or forking, are appreciated. 
See [CONTRIBUTING.md](/CONTRIBUTING.md) for more information on getting involved.

## Acknowledgements

### Supporters

This project has been supported by several organizations (in alphabetical order):

- [Bayer](https://www.bayer.com/)
- [Enveda Therapeutics](https://envedatherapeutics.com/)
- [Fraunhofer Institute for Algorithms and Scientific Computing](https://www.scai.fraunhofer.de)
- [Fraunhofer Institute for Intelligent Analysis and Information Systems](https://www.iais.fraunhofer.de)
- [Fraunhofer Center for Machine Learning](https://www.cit.fraunhofer.de/de/zentren/maschinelles-lernen.html)
- [Ludwig-Maximilians-Universität München](https://www.en.uni-muenchen.de/index.html)
- [Munich Center for Machine Learning (MCML)](https://mcml.ai/)
- [Siemens](https://new.siemens.com/global/en.html)
- [Smart Data Analytics Research Group (University of Bonn & Fraunhofer IAIS)](https://sda.tech)
- [Technical University of Denmark - DTU Compute - Section for Cognitive Systems](https://www.compute.dtu.dk/english/research/research-sections/cogsys)
- [Technical University of Denmark - DTU Compute - Section for Statistics and Data Analysis](https://www.compute.dtu.dk/english/research/research-sections/stat)
- [University of Bonn](https://www.uni-bonn.de/)

### Logo

The PyKEEN logo was designed by Carina Steinborn.

## Citation

If you have found PyKEEN useful in your work, please consider citing [our article](https://arxiv.org/abs/2007.14175):

```bibtex
@article{ali2020pykeen,
  title={PyKEEN 1.0: A Python Library for Training and Evaluating Knowledge Graph Emebddings},
  author={Ali, Mehdi and Berrendorf, Max and Hoyt, Charles Tapley and Vermue, Laurent and Sharifzadeh, Sahand and Tresp, Volker and Lehmann, Jens},
  journal={arXiv preprint arXiv:2007.14175},
  year={2020}
}
```

Commit message:

Add benchmarking information to readme

src/pykeen/templates/README.md, after:

<p align="center">
  <img src="docs/source/logo.png" height="150">
</p>

<h1 align="center">
  PyKEEN
</h1>

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/pykeen/pykeen/actions">
    <img src="https://github.com/pykeen/pykeen/workflows/Tests%20master/badge.svg"
         alt="GitHub Actions">
  </a>

  <a href='https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT'>
    <img src='https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-blue.svg' alt='License'/>
  </a>

  <a href="https://zenodo.org/badge/latestdoi/242672435">
    <img src="https://zenodo.org/badge/242672435.svg" alt="DOI">
  </a>

  <a href="https://optuna.org">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Optuna-integrated-blue" alt="Optuna integrated" height="20">
  </a>
</p>

<p align="center">
    <b>PyKEEN</b> (<b>P</b>ython <b>K</b>nowl<b>E</b>dge <b>E</b>mbeddi<b>N</b>gs) is a Python package designed to
    train and evaluate knowledge graph embedding models (incorporating multi-modal information).
</p>

<p align="center">
  <a href="#installation">Installation</a> •
  <a href="#quickstart">Quickstart</a> •
  <a href="#datasets-{{ n_datasets }}">Datasets</a> •
  <a href="#models-{{ n_models }}">Models</a> •
  <a href="#supporters">Support</a> •
  <a href="#citation">Citation</a>
</p>

## Installation ![PyPI - Python Version](https://img.shields.io/pypi/pyversions/pykeen) ![PyPI](https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/pykeen)

The latest stable version of PyKEEN can be downloaded and installed from
[PyPI](https://pypi.org/project/pykeen) with:

```bash
$ pip install pykeen
```

The latest version of PyKEEN can be installed directly from the
source on [GitHub](https://github.com/pykeen/pykeen) with:

```bash
pip install git+https://github.com/pykeen/pykeen.git
```

More information about installation (e.g., development mode, Windows installation, extras)
can be found in the [installation documentation](https://pykeen.readthedocs.io/en/latest/installation.html).

## Quickstart [![Documentation Status](https://readthedocs.org/projects/pykeen/badge/?version=latest)](https://pykeen.readthedocs.io/en/latest/?badge=latest)

This example shows how to train a model on a dataset and test on another dataset.

The fastest way to get up and running is to use the pipeline function. It
provides a high-level entry into the extensible functionality of this package.
The following example shows how to train and evaluate the [TransE](https://pykeen.readthedocs.io/en/latest/api/pykeen.models.TransE.html#pykeen.models.TransE)
model on the [Nations](https://pykeen.readthedocs.io/en/latest/api/pykeen.datasets.Nations.html#pykeen.datasets.Nations)
dataset. By default, the training loop uses the [stochastic local closed world assumption (sLCWA)](https://pykeen.readthedocs.io/en/latest/reference/training.html#pykeen.training.SLCWATrainingLoop)
training approach and evaluates with [rank-based evaluation](https://pykeen.readthedocs.io/en/latest/reference/evaluation/rank_based.html#pykeen.evaluation.RankBasedEvaluator).

```python
from pykeen.pipeline import pipeline

result = pipeline(
    model='TransE',
    dataset='nations',
)
```

The results are returned in an instance of the [PipelineResult](https://pykeen.readthedocs.io/en/latest/reference/pipeline.html#pykeen.pipeline.PipelineResult)
dataclass that has attributes for the trained model, the training loop, the evaluation, and more. See the tutorials on
[understanding the evaluation](https://pykeen.readthedocs.io/en/latest/tutorial/understanding_evaluation.html)
and [making novel link predictions](https://pykeen.readthedocs.io/en/latest/tutorial/making_predictions.html).

PyKEEN is extensible such that:

- Each model has the same API, so anything from ``pykeen.models`` can be dropped in
- Each training loop has the same API, so ``pykeen.training.LCWATrainingLoop`` can be dropped in
- Triples factories can be generated by the user with ``from pykeen.triples.TriplesFactory``

The full documentation can be found at https://pykeen.readthedocs.io.

## Implementation

Below are the models, datasets, training modes, evaluators, and metrics implemented
in ``pykeen``.

### Datasets ({{ n_datasets }})

{{ datasets }}

### Models ({{ n_models }})

{{ models }}

### Losses ({{ n_losses }})

{{ losses }}

### Regularizers ({{ n_regularizers }})

{{ regularizers }}

### Optimizers ({{ n_optimizers }})

{{ optimizers }}

### Training Loops ({{ n_training_loops }})

{{ training_loops }}

### Negative Samplers ({{ n_negative_samplers }})

{{ negative_samplers }}

### Stoppers ({{ n_stoppers }})

{{ stoppers }}

### Evaluators ({{ n_evaluators }})

{{ evaluators }}

### Metrics ({{ n_metrics }})

{{ metrics }}

### Trackers ({{ n_trackers }})

{{ trackers }}

## Hyper-parameter Optimization

### Samplers ({{ n_hpo_samplers }})

{{ hpo_samplers }}

Any sampler class extending the [optuna.samplers.BaseSampler](https://optuna.readthedocs.io/en/stable/reference/generated/optuna.samplers.BaseSampler.html#optuna.samplers.BaseSampler),
such as their sampler implementing the [CMA-ES](https://optuna.readthedocs.io/en/stable/reference/generated/optuna.samplers.CmaEsSampler.html#optuna.samplers.CmaEsSampler)
algorithm, can also be used.

## Experimentation

### Reproduction

PyKEEN includes a set of curated experimental settings for reproducing past landmark
experiments. They can be accessed and run like:

```bash
pykeen experiments reproduce tucker balazevic2019 fb15k
```

Where the three arguments are the model name, the reference, and the dataset.
The output directory can be optionally set with `-d`.

### Ablation

PyKEEN includes the ability to specify ablation studies using the
hyper-parameter optimization module. They can be run like:

```bash
pykeen experiments ablation ~/path/to/config.json
```

### Large-scale Reproducibility and Benchmarking Study

We used PyKEEN to perform a large-scale reproducibility and benchmarking study which are described in
[our article](https://arxiv.org/abs/2006.13365):

```bibtex
@article{ali2020benchmarking,
  title={Bringing Light Into the Dark: A Large-scale Evaluation of Knowledge Graph Embedding Models Under a Unified Framework},
  author={Ali, Mehdi and Berrendorf, Max and Hoyt, Charles Tapley and Vermue, Laurent and Galkin, Mikhail and Sharifzadeh, Sahand and Fischer, Asja and Tresp, Volker and Lehmann, Jens},
  journal={arXiv preprint arXiv:2006.13365},
  year={2020}
}
```

We have made all code, experimental configurations, results, and analyses that lead to our interpretations available
at https://github.com/pykeen/benchmarking.

## Contributing

Contributions, whether filing an issue, making a pull request, or forking, are appreciated. 
See [CONTRIBUTING.md](/CONTRIBUTING.md) for more information on getting involved.

## Acknowledgements

### Supporters

This project has been supported by several organizations (in alphabetical order):

- [Bayer](https://www.bayer.com/)
- [Enveda Therapeutics](https://envedatherapeutics.com/)
- [Fraunhofer Institute for Algorithms and Scientific Computing](https://www.scai.fraunhofer.de)
- [Fraunhofer Institute for Intelligent Analysis and Information Systems](https://www.iais.fraunhofer.de)
- [Fraunhofer Center for Machine Learning](https://www.cit.fraunhofer.de/de/zentren/maschinelles-lernen.html)
- [Ludwig-Maximilians-Universität München](https://www.en.uni-muenchen.de/index.html)
- [Munich Center for Machine Learning (MCML)](https://mcml.ai/)
- [Siemens](https://new.siemens.com/global/en.html)
- [Smart Data Analytics Research Group (University of Bonn & Fraunhofer IAIS)](https://sda.tech)
- [Technical University of Denmark - DTU Compute - Section for Cognitive Systems](https://www.compute.dtu.dk/english/research/research-sections/cogsys)
- [Technical University of Denmark - DTU Compute - Section for Statistics and Data Analysis](https://www.compute.dtu.dk/english/research/research-sections/stat)
- [University of Bonn](https://www.uni-bonn.de/)

### Logo

The PyKEEN logo was designed by Carina Steinborn.

## Citation

If you have found PyKEEN useful in your work, please consider citing [our article](https://arxiv.org/abs/2007.14175):

```bibtex
@article{ali2020pykeen,
  title={PyKEEN 1.0: A Python Library for Training and Evaluating Knowledge Graph Emebddings},
  author={Ali, Mehdi and Berrendorf, Max and Hoyt, Charles Tapley and Vermue, Laurent and Sharifzadeh, Sahand and Tresp, Volker and Lehmann, Jens},
  journal={arXiv preprint arXiv:2007.14175},
  year={2020}
}
```
