docs/source/tutorial/using_wandb.rst, before:

Using Weights and Biases
========================
`Weights and Biases <http://wandb.ai/>`_ (WANDB) is a service for tracking experimental results and various artifacts
appearing whn training ML models.


After `registering <https://app.wandb.ai/login?signup=true>`_ for WANDB, do the following:

1. Create a project in WANDB, for example, with the name ``pykeen_project`` at
   ``https://app.wandb.ai/<your username>/new``
2. Install WANDB on your machine with ``pip install wandb``
3. Setup your computer for use with WANDB by using either of the following two instructions from
   https://github.com/wandb/client#running-your-script:

   1. Navigate to https://app.wandb.ai/settings, copy your API key, and set the ``WANDB_API_KEY`` environment variable
   2. Interactively run ``wandb login``

Now you can simply specify this project name when initializing a pipeline, and everything else will work automatically!

Pipeline Example
----------------
This example shows using WANDB with the :func:`pykeen.pipeline.pipeline` function.

.. code-block:: python

    from pykeen.pipeline import pipeline

    pipeline_result = pipeline(
        model='RotatE',
        dataset='Kinships',
        result_tracker='wandb',
        result_tracker_kwargs=dict(
            project='pykeen_project',
        ),
    )

You can navigate to the created project in WANDB and observe a running experiment.
Further tweaking of appearance, charts, and other settings is described in the official
`documentation <https://docs.wandb.com/>`_

You can also specify an optional ``experiment`` which will appear on the website instead of randomly generated
labels.

.. code-block:: python

    from pykeen.pipeline import pipeline

    pipeline_result = pipeline(
        model='RotatE',
        dataset='Kinships',
        result_tracker='wandb',
        result_tracker_kwargs=dict(
            project='pykeen_project',
            experiment='experiment-1',
        ),
    )


HPO Example
-----------
This example shows using WANDB with the :func:`pykeen.hpo.hpo_pipeline` function.

.. code-block:: python

    from pykeen.hpo import hpo_pipeline

    pipeline_result = hpo_pipeline(
        model='RotatE',
        dataset='Kinships',
        result_tracker='wandb',
        result_tracker_kwargs=dict(
            project='pykeen_project',
            experiment='new run',
        ),
    )

It's safe to specify the experiment name during HPO. Several runs will be sent to the same experiment
under different hashes. However, specifying the experiment name is advisable more for single runs and
not for batches of multiple runs.

Additional documentation of the valid keyword arguments can be found
under :class:`pykeen.trackers.WANDBResultTracker`.

Commit message:

Improve WANDB results tracker (#117)
Adds offline and kwargs arguments to WANDBResultTracker

Co-authored-by: Charles Tapley Hoyt <cthoyt@gmail.com>

docs/source/tutorial/using_wandb.rst, after:

Using Weights and Biases
========================
`Weights and Biases <http://wandb.ai/>`_ (WANDB) is a service for tracking experimental results and various artifacts
appearing whn training ML models.


After `registering <https://app.wandb.ai/login?signup=true>`_ for WANDB, do the following:

1. Create a project in WANDB, for example, with the name ``pykeen_project`` at
   ``https://app.wandb.ai/<your username>/new``
2. Install WANDB on your machine with ``pip install wandb``
3. Setup your computer for use with WANDB by using either of the following two instructions from
   https://github.com/wandb/client#running-your-script:

   1. Navigate to https://app.wandb.ai/settings, copy your API key, and set the ``WANDB_API_KEY`` environment variable
   2. Interactively run ``wandb login``

Now you can simply specify this project name when initializing a pipeline, and everything else will work automatically!

Pipeline Example
----------------
This example shows using WANDB with the :func:`pykeen.pipeline.pipeline` function.

.. code-block:: python

    from pykeen.pipeline import pipeline

    pipeline_result = pipeline(
        model='RotatE',
        dataset='Kinships',
        result_tracker='wandb',
        result_tracker_kwargs=dict(
            project='pykeen_project',
        ),
    )

You can navigate to the created project in WANDB and observe a running experiment.
Further tweaking of appearance, charts, and other settings is described in the official
`documentation <https://docs.wandb.com/>`_

You can also specify an optional ``experiment`` which will appear on the website instead of randomly generated
labels. All further keyword arguments are passed to :func:`wandb.init`.

.. code-block:: python

    from pykeen.pipeline import pipeline

    pipeline_result = pipeline(
        model='RotatE',
        dataset='Kinships',
        result_tracker='wandb',
        result_tracker_kwargs=dict(
            project='pykeen_project',
            experiment='experiment-1',
        ),
    )


HPO Example
-----------
This example shows using WANDB with the :func:`pykeen.hpo.hpo_pipeline` function.

.. code-block:: python

    from pykeen.hpo import hpo_pipeline

    pipeline_result = hpo_pipeline(
        model='RotatE',
        dataset='Kinships',
        result_tracker='wandb',
        result_tracker_kwargs=dict(
            project='pykeen_project',
            experiment='new run',
            reinit=True,
        ),
    )

It's safe to specify the experiment name during HPO. Several runs will be sent to the same experiment
under different hashes. However, specifying the experiment name is advisable more for single runs and
not for batches of multiple runs.

Additional documentation of the valid keyword arguments can be found
under :class:`pykeen.trackers.WANDBResultTracker`.
